[Music]
now you probably think you know almost
everything about the world around you
but the truth is there are tons of facts
they don't teach you in school that can
completely change your view of the world
for example every time you recall a
certain memory your brain distorts it
slowly making it less and less accurate
kind of wears out after a while
chameleons change their color depending
on their current mood so they really can
get the blues
however the temperature of its
surroundings can be a powerful factor
too you can distinguish hot water from
cold just by listening to it hot water
basically produces a higher pitch sound
when poured me yeah I just stick my
finger in it but sometimes that hurts
some cats can be allergic to humans
thanks to certain chemicals on our skin
ah what goes around comes around huh
experts are sure that we have not just
five but somewhere between 22 and 33
different senses these include
nociception the ability to feel pain
chrono ception the sense of time passing
and many others like fart-o ception the
sense of gas passing in Switzerland
owning only one guinea pig or parrot is
considered to be animal abuse that's
because they're highly social creatures
and need regular interaction with other
species so introduce your guinea pig to
your parrot that'd be an odd couple but
hey we're not judgmental here on the
bright side technically the earth and
all the other planets don't orbit around
the Sun they're orbiting around a center
of mass in the solar system which just
happens to be very close to the Sun
it took the creator of the Rubik's Cube
one month to solve his own puzzle
[Applause]
the cute and colorful Cuban bee
hummingbird weighs less than a regular
penny but it's worth far more there are
only two body parts that never stop
growing throughout your whole life your
nose and your ears boy than Dumbo is
really in trouble everybody's favorite
bubble wrap was originally meant to be a
simple textured paper however its sales
failed spectacularly it got popular only
when IBM started looking for a material
to protect their goods during
transportation fish experienced a wide
range of emotions from fear to joy and
can actually feel pain I wish I hadn't
read that I like seafood or I did people
from the same family smell pretty much
the same that's Nature's Way of
preventing possible genetic mutations
maybe that's your family Pal mine yeah
pretty smelly tons of things you use on
a daily basis are covered in bacteria
for example your keyboard handbag and
kitchen sponge have way more bacteria
than your toilet seat and we've actually
gone to your house and check the sense
of falling that you may experience when
you dream comes from your brain falling
asleep way too fast our brains can't
create new faces so at one point you've
met all the people you ever saw in your
dreams
Mumbai doctors have found that the liver
can regrow in just three weeks according
to studies marrying your best friend
lowers the risk of getting a divorce by
over 70% of course you should ask your
spouse for permission first
hard-working and sleep only eight
minutes every 12 hours
moreover their brain activity remains
pretty high even when they're resting
women have twice as many pain receptors
as meth however they also have a higher
pain tolerance
probably because they have to deal with
men
to be able to stand straight and remain
attentive for long periods of time
Chinese military men put a small needle
right in their collar how some people
are more emotional than others simply
because their brains produce way more
chemicals I think I may have more
formaldehyde than most
the average snail has more than 14,000
teeth and some of them can cause you
real damage but do they brush after
meals on your plants using a tiny
toothbrush a study from New Zealand
discovered that pigeons can do simple
math well that adds up the inventor of
the pin number which is redundant
originally made it to be six digits long
but since his wife said she could only
remember four figures he changed it good
boy people who know two or more
languages subconsciously changed their
personality depending on the language
they're speaking at the moment back in
the 20th century Iowa native Charles
Osborne hiccup for 68 years straight
probably right through church and
everything - researchers recently found
that bats know how to address one
another individually and even have small
disputes from time to time so that's why
they get upside-down
according to British specialists cows
develop strong social bonds and even
have their own BFFs ah bovine friends
forever
romantic butterflies in your stomach are
caused by adrenaline flooding your body
wow I thought it was due to eating
caterpillars for lunch the longest book
title ever contains 1809 words and
11,000 284 characters now did anyone
ever read this book or just get stopped
by the title every single person on
earth has apps you know abdominals it's
just that they're covered with a natural
layer of fat
Wow I feel better now psychologists say
that good morning and good night text
messages activate the part of our brain
responsible for happiness so what does
good grief elicits the latest studies on
human memory state that we can remember
no more than three or four things at a
time huh psychologists believe that it
only takes four minutes for your brain
to decide whether you like somebody or
not science says that when a person you
love rejects you your brain has the same
reaction as it does to physical pain duh
by the way bio chemically speaking
romantic love is almost identical
they're having a serious obsessive
compulsive disorder if two lovers look
into each other's eyes for about three
minutes their heart rates will
synchronize and the beat goes on whether
you lose or gain weight your fat cells
never disappear they just change their
size so your fat cells themselves can go
on a diet the name Jessica was created
by Shakespeare for his play Merchant of
Venice and Simpson was created for a
cartoon family in Springfield hmm Mars
daytime sky is dusty red and it's Dusk's
are a beautiful shade of blue
Martians themselves are little and green
the founders of Portland both wanted to
name it after their hometowns they
decided to flip a coin and if it landed
the other way around the city would be
named Boston the shortest war ever
lasted only 38 minutes there's a lesson
here somewhere
according to some studies dogs can
easily smell a specific scent that
cancer produces in a person cats have
two separate sets of vocal chords these
one of them for purring and another one
from meowing just like narrators the
Apollo astronauts who got to fly to the
moon had to go through u.s. customs
after they got back yeah it was a joke
those funny NASA guys
sweat itself doesn't have any odor at
all
it's the bacteria on your skin that
breaks it down and causes it to smell
bad Barbie dolls full name is Barbara
Millicent Roberts so she's really Barbie
Millie Bob the Twitter logo bird also
has a name Larry it was named after
Larry Bird a former NBA player who used
to play for one of the Twitter
co-founders home state team a British
study stated that on average children
ask about 300 questions or one question
every two and a half minutes every day
it is possible to sneeze with your eyes
open it's just that most of the time
you're blinking instinct naturally kicks
in yeah I sprayed my windshield a few
times myself
if you keep a goldfish in a dark room
it'll eventually become a bit paler
there are more fake flamingos in the
world than real ones
most of them vacation in Miami
contagious yawning can occur if you hear
see or even think about yawning and it's
not only humans who are affected by it
chimpanzees experience this - so does my
dog if a person cries from happiness the
first-tier will always come out of their
right eye and on the contrary if you're
crying out of sadness or frustration
it's your left eye that'll tear up first
just check worn by men Persian soldiers
wore them to secure their feet while
riding horses back in the fifteenth
century well gee guys new research
confirmed that dolphin moms sing their
own names to their unborn babies and
teach them a signature whistle right
before their birth every single time a
little girl is born in the beautiful
village of pop Lantry India village
members plant 111 trees in her honor the
world's youngest parents lived in China
in 1910 and were just eight and nine
years old yeah we'll just leave it at
that
giraffes often use their 21 inch tongues
to clean their ears how wouldn't that be
handy on average our attention span
reaches its peak after just 10 minutes
psychologists believe that we
subconsciously formed strong emotional
connections with people we sing with the
first ever product called iPhone wasn't
actually produced by Apple it was a
mobile device made by Cisco wearing your
headphones for one hour straight
increases the amount of bacteria in your
ears by 700 times then maybe they should
call them ear bugs it would take you
about 100 years to watch every single
video on YouTube Hey so save time and
just watch bright side every two minutes
people all around the world take more
pictures than were taken in the whole
19th century the Eiffel Tower was
originally designed for Barcelona
however they didn't like the design so
Gustave Eiffel gave it to Paris so
they're in 1673 New York was captured by
the Dutch and called new orange in honor
of William the third of orange for about
a year queen elizabeth ii is actually
related to vlad the impaler
the famous Dracula prototype the longest
time ever between twins being born is 87
days according to certain data malaria
has killed nearly 50 billion people
during the entire existence of humans
considering the fact that demographers
believe that only about 100 billion
people have been born since the earth
was born that makes half of the planet's
population babies can actually cry in
the womb it takes a person 66 days to
form a steady habit one Taiwanese
restaurant serves food in little
miniature toilets
hmm
does it arrive with the lid up or down
the longest traffic incident ever
happened in China back in August of 2010
people got stuck in a 62 mile long
traffic jam for 12 days some turtles can
breathe through their butts and pee
through their mouths
once more I can see where that might
come in handy
the founder of match.com was dumped by
his girlfriend for another guy
she actually met through match.com being
lonely for long periods of time is just
as bad for your health as smoking nearly
15 cigarettes a day a farmer from
Argentina planted a guitar-shaped forest
in memory of his wife doesn't say here
whether he ever fretted about it get it
read it okay never mind well wasn't that
a weird list anyways what's the most
shocking fact you found out recently let
me know down in the comments if you
learned something new today then give
this video a like and share it with a
friend but hey don't go anywhere just
yet we have over 2,000 cool videos for
you to check out all you have to do is
pick the left or right video click on it
and enjoy stay on the bright side of
life